ConPADE 
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. 
Non-Commercial Use Only 
_____________________________________________________________________

This software is released under the Microsoft Research License 
Agreement, ("MSR-LA" or the "License"); you may not use the software 
except in compliance with the License. You can find a copy of the 
License in the file LICENSE.TXT accompanying this file. 
_____________________________________________________________________

Versions of this software may also rely on additional libraries and 
code distributed under their respective licenses.  To re-compile or 
build this code or derivatives thereof, you may be required to 
individually download and appropriately license some or all of of 
these additional libraries for your specific use.
_____________________________________________________________________
-------------------- Third Party Notices --------------------
This file is based on or incorporates material from the projects 
listed below (collectively, 'Third Party Code'). Microsoft is not 
the original author of the Third Party Code. The original copyright 
notice and the license under which Microsoft received such Third 
Party Code, are set forth below. Such licenses and notices are 
provided for informational purposes only. Microsoft licenses the 
Third Party Code to you under the terms set forth in the EULA for 
the Microsoft Product. Microsoft reserves all other rights not 
expressly granted under this agreement, whether by implication, 
estoppel or otherwise.
_____________________________________________________________________
  Testdata.bam 
  These sequence data were produced by the US Department of Energy 
  Joint Genome Institute http://www.jgi.doe.gov/ in collaboration 
  with the user community.  
_____________________________________________________________________
  .NET Bio
  Copyright (c) 2011, The Outercurve Foundation. 

  Provided for Informational Purposes Only
  
  Apache 2.0 License
  
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 
  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
  
  THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR 
  CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING 
  WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
  TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABLITY OR 
  NON-INFRINGEMENT. 

  See the Apache Version 2.0 License for specific language 
  governing permissions and limitations under the License. 

_____________________________________________________________________
.NET Bio, an open source library of common bioinformatics functions,
  intended to simplify the creation of life science applications.
  
  Copyright (c) 2011, The Outercurve Foundation. 
  This software is released under the Apache License 2.0 (the 
  "License"); you may not use the software except in compliance 
  with the License. You can find a copy of the License in the 
  file LICENSE[.TXT] accompanying this file. 

  Additional Copyrights:
  MAFFTT:
  -------
  The Weighted mixture of minimum and average linkage (weightedMAFFT)
  in IHierarchicalClustering.cs is adapted from MAFFT: multiple 
  sequence alignment program - 
  http://mafft.cbrc.jp/alignment/software/ 
  Copyright (c) 2006 Kazutaka Katoh

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
  are met:

  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  
  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in 
  the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
  distribution.

  The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
  products derived from this software without specific prior 
  written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS 
  OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
  ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
  GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

  NLog:  
  ------------
  The HttpUtility contains NLog (.NET logging library) that was 
  contributed by Jaroslaw Kowalski <jaak@jkowalski.net> - 
  http://nlog-project.org/

  Copyright (c) 2004-2006 Jaroslaw Kowalski <jaak@jkowalski.net>
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
	the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
	distribution.

  * Neither the name of Jaroslaw Kowalski nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived 
	from this software without specific prior written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
  COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
  SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
  STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
  ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
  OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

  QUT:
  ----
  QUTBio in BioSequenceAssembler is a contribution from Queensland 
  University of Technology

  QUT.Bio Version 1.1
  Copyright (c) 2009 Queensland University of Technology. All rights 
  reserved.

  The QUT Bioinformatics Collection (QUT.Bio) is open source software
  subject to the terms of the Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL): 
  http://www.microsoft.com/opensource/licenses.mspx.

  The latest version of the source code can be obtained at the project 
  distribution point: http://qutbio.codeplex.com

Additional Libraries:
  This software includes or is derivative of works distributed under 
  the Apache license listed in the LICENSE.txt file. The full text 
  for the license can be found in the LICENSE.txt file accompanying 
  this file. 

  AppliedBioSystems
  -----------------
  Author: Jeremy Kolpak
  Contact: JKolpak@its.jnj.com
  Company: Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development
  Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011, The Outercurve Foundation
  License: Apache License 2.0

  FileFormatConverter
  -----------------
  Author: Daniel Ourada
  Contact: daniel.ourada@gmail.com
  Company: cBio - www.cbiocorp.com
  Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011, The Outercurve Foundation
  License: Apache License 2.0

  --------------- End of Third Party Notices ---------------
  